---
title: IEEE DataCom 2017 Conference
---

Dear Colleagues:

We cordially invite you to share your latest research results related to Big Data, and Cloud Computing at the IEEE DataCopm 2017 conference. The conference proceedings of DataCom 2017 will be published by IEEE CPS and submitted to IEEE Xplore and indexing services such as EI and ISSN. Selected papers will be published in special issues of prestigious international journals.

IEEE DataCom 2017 also welcomes works-in-progress paper, industry paper, demo & poster papers.

# [IEEE International Conference on Big Data Intelligence and Computing（IEEE DataCom 2017)](http://grid.chu.edu.tw/datacom2017)

## CALL FOR PAPERS

Big data is a rapidly expanding research area spanning the fields of computer science and information management, and has become a ubiquitous term in understanding and solving complex problems in different disciplinary fields such as engineering, applied mathematics, medicine, computational biology, healthcare, social networks, finance, business, government, education, transportation and telecommunications.

The goal of the IEEE International Conference on Big Data Intelligence and Computing (IEEE DataCom 2017) is to establish an international forum for engineers and scientists to present their ideas and experiences in the fields of Big Data intelligence and computing. IEEE DataCom 2017 welcomes paper submissions on innovative work from researchers in academia, industry and government describing original research work in Big Data. Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit an extended version (with at least 30% new material) for review and publication in special issues of international journals.

IEEE DataCom 2017 will be held on November 6-10, 2017 in Orlando, Florida, USA. Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

- The 5Vs of the data landscape: volume, variety, velocity, veracity, value
- Big data science and foundations, analytics, visualization and semantics
- Software and tools for big data management.
- Security, privacy and legal issues specific to big data
- Big data economy, QoS and business models
- Scientific discovery and business intelligence
- Software, hardware and algorithm co-design, high-performance computing
- Large-scale recommendation systems and graph analysis
- Infrastructures and systems for big data analytics and managements
- Middleware and tools for big data analytics and managements
- Algorithmic, experimental, prototyping and implementation
- Data quality issues: such as validation, metrics, optimizations and consistency
- Data-driven innovation, computational modelling and data integration
- Data intensive computing theorems and technologies
- Big data for advanced manufacturing and productivity
- Modeling, simulation and performance evaluation
- Green data centers / environmental-friendly perspectives
- Computing, scheduling and resource management for sustainability
- Complex applications in areas where massive data is generated

## PUBLICATION HIGHLIGHTS

IEEE CS proceedings, indexed by

- IEEE Xplore
- Scopus
- EI Engineering Index
- ACM Digital Library
- dblp
- Google Scholar

Extended version of the selected papers will be invited for publication in prestigious international journals.

## IMPORTANT DATES

- Paper Submission (Research Track): June 15, 2017
- Paper Submission (Works-in-Progress/workshop): July 10, 2017
- Author Notification (Research/workshop/WIP): July 30, 2017
- Paper Submission (Demo /Poster /Special session): August 5th, 2017
- Author Notification (Research/workshop/WIP/Poster): August 20, 2017
- Camera ready / registration deadline: August 31, 2017

## SUBMISSION

Authors are invited to submit their original research work that has not previously been submitted or published in any other venue. Papers should be prepared in IEEE CS format and submitted via the IEEE DataCom 2017 web site, [https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ieeedatacom2017](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=ieeedatacom2017)

IEEE formatting information: [http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html](http://www.ieee.org/conferences_events/conferences/publishing/templates.html)

- Proposals for organizing tutorials, workshops and special sessions need to be submitted to the Tutorials, Workshops and Special Sessions Chairs, respectively. A proposal should include title, theme, scope and main presenters/organizers.
- Research paper (8 pages) should explore a specific technology problem and propose a complete solution to it, with experimental results.
- Works-in-Progess (WIP) (6 pages) papers are expected to present either work currently in progress or less developed but highly innovative ideas.
- Demo/Poster papers (4 pages) must describe working systems and be related to DataCom. These systems may be innovative prototype implementations or mature systems that use related technology.  Papers/proposals need to be submitted to the Demo/Poster Chair.
- Workshop and Special Session papers need to be submitted to the corresponding workshops and special sessions.

All accepted papers in the main tracks, workshops, special sessions and demos/posters will be published in an IEEE Computer Society proceedings (EI indexed).

Extended versions of selected excellent papers will be considered for publication in special issues of prestige journals (SCI/EI indexed).

## Organizing Committees

### General Chairs

- Sanjay Ranka, University of Florida, USA
- Hai Jin, HUST, China
- Manu Malek, Stevens Inst. of Tech., USA

### General Executive Chairs

- Jun Wang, University of Central Florida, USA
- Tao Li, NSF/UFL, USA

### Program Chairs

- Anna Kobusinska, Poznan University of Technology, Poland
- Xiaolin Li, University of Florida, USA
- Wenguang Chen, Tsinghua University, China

### Workshop Chairs

- I-Hsin Chung, IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center, USA
- Wuu Yang, National Chiao Tung University, Taiwan

### Demo/Poster Chair

- Che-Rung Lee, Tsing Hua University, Taiwan

### Special Session Chair

- Hai Jiang, Arkansas State University, USA

### Award Chair

- Weisong Shi, Wayne State University, USA

### International Liaison & Publicity Chair

- Bingsheng He, Nanyang Technological University, Singapore
- Jun Huang, Chongqing University of Posts and Telecommunications, China
- Bahman Javadi, Western Sydney University, Australia
- William Liu, Auckland University of Technology, and Zealand
- Bhekisipho Twala, Univ. Johannesburg, South Africa
- Hao Wang, Norwegian University of Science and Technology, Norway
- Sheng-De Wang, National Taiwan University, Taiwan

### Publication Chair

- Hui-Huang Hsu, Tamkang University, Taiwan

### Advisory Committee

- Robert Hsu, Chung Hua University, Taiwan
- Geoffrey Fox, Indiana University, USA
- Yuanyuan Yang, Stony Brook University, USA
- Christophe Cérin, University of Paris XIII, France
- Yeh-Ching Chung, National Tsing Hua University, Taiwan
- Jie Li, University of Tsukuba, Japan
- Beniamino Di Martino, Second University of Naples, Italy
- Domenico Talia, Università della Calabria, Italy
- Vincent S. Tseng, National Chiao Tung Univ. Taiwan
- Cho-Li Wang, The Univ. of Hong Kong, Hong Kong
- Jinsong Wu, University de Chile, Chile
- Jinjun Chen, Swinburne University of Technology, Australia

Please visit the IEEE DataCom 2017 website [http://grid.chu.edu.tw/datacom2017/tpc.php](http://grid.chu.edu.tw/datacom2017/tpc.php) for the complete listing of organizing committee and TPC members.
